man; man
woman; kvinna
is; ar
boy; pojke
girl; flicka
i; jag
one; en
he; han
she; hon
one; ett
apple; apple
and; och
eat; ater
drinking; dricker
water; vatten
art; mannen
the woman; kvinnan
bread; brod
we; vi
reads; laser
you; ni
women; kvinnor
newspaper; tidning
the; de
men; man
girls; flickor
boys; pojkar
you; du
sandwich; smorgas
rice; ris
children; barn
milk; mjolk
book; bok
menu; meny
the; det
has; har
the boy; pojken
girl; flickan
baby; barnet
mail; brev
hello; hej
thanks; tack
yes; ja
no; nej
then; da
so; sa
very; mycket
you are welcome; varsagod
excuse; ursakta
hello; halla
please; snalla
welcome; valkommen
good; god
night; natt
morning; morgon
speaks; talar
swedish; svenska
english; engelska
not; inte
love; alskar
think; tycker
if; om
fish; fisk
orange; apelsin
coffee; kaffe
egg; agg
chicken; kyckling
drink; dryck
dinner; middag
wine; vin
sugar; socker
lunch; lunch
breakfast; frukost
cheese; ost
fruit; frukt
pasta; pasta
food; mat
beer; ol
beef; notkott
soup; soppa
tomato; tomat
strawberry; jordgubbe
lemon; citron
pepper; peppar
salt; salt
oil; olja
meal; maltid
tea; te
pork; flaskkott
vegetarian; vegetarian
meat; kott
ice cream; glass
juice; juice
apple; applet
glass; glas
fork; gaffel
knife; kniv
spoon; sked
cup; kopp
plate; tallrik
restaurant; restaurang
chef; kock
cat; katt
dog; hund
horse; hast
bird; fageln
bird; fagel
the cat; katten
the dog; hunden
horse; hasten
bear; bjorn
moose; alg
animal; djuret
bear; bjornen
elk; algen
duck; anka
animal; djur
spider; spindel
crab; krabba
turtle; skoldpadda
elephant; elefant
duck; ankan
turtle; skoldpaddan
elephant; elefanten
wolf; varg
clean; ren
mouse; mus
crab; krabban
ant; myra
spindle; spindeln
sandwich; smorgasen
coffee; kaffet
wine; vinet
fruit; frukten
meat; kottet
tea; teet
beer; olet
water; vattnet
orange; apelsinen
egg; agget
chicken; kycklingen
sugar; sockret
salt; saltet
cheese; osten
soup; soppan
lunch; lunchen
breakfast; frukosten
rice; riset
beef; notkottet
vegetarian; vegetarian
the food; maten
paste; pastan
strawberry; jordgubben
lemon; citronen
pepper; pepparn
oil; oljan
fish; fisken
pork meat; flaskkottet
tomato; tomaten
ice cream; glassen
newspaper; tidningen
the book; boken
mail; brev
bread; brodet
meal; maltiden
apples; applen
books; bocker
newspapers; tidningar
cats; katter
dogs; hundar
horses; hastar
several; flera
mail; brev
ducks; ankor
turtles; skoldpaddor
animal; djur
birds; faglar
dishes; tallrikar
sandwiches; smorgasar
elephants; elefanter
children; barn
the apples; applena
papers; tidningarna
cats; katterna
dogs; hundarna
elephants; elefanterna
men; mannen
cooks; kockar
women; kvinnorna
ducks; ankorna
turtles; skoldpaddorna
animals; djuren
the birds; faglarna
plates; tallrikarna
sandwiches; smorgasarna
horses; hastarna
books; bockerna
chefs; kockarna
letters; breven
moose; alg
strawberry; jordgubbe
fish; fisk
girl; flicka
boy; pojke
children; barnen
spring; var
his; hans
her; hennes
my; min
my; mitt
their; deras
your; din
your; ditt
your; er
our; vart
your; ert
mine; mina
your; dina
its; dess
its; sin
his; sitt
their; sina
era; era
our; vara
man; man
woman; kvinna
cat; katt
boy; pojke
girl; flicka
restaurant; restaurang
dog; hund
children; barn
chef; kock
her; henne
them; dem
him; honom
me; mig
you; dig
the; det
the; den
your; er
u.s; oss
shoe; sko
on; pa
dress; klanning
jacket; jacka
skirt; kjol
sweater; troja
to; sig
stocking; strumpa
pants; byxor
clothes; klader
suit; kostym
hat; hatt
shirt; skjorta
belt; skarp
glove; handske
tie; slips
pocket; ficka
button; knapp
scarf; halsduk
coat; rock
looks; ser
comes; kommer
sims; simmar
write; skriver
sings; sjunger
select; valjer
goes; gar
jumping; hoppar
laws; lagar
sleeps; sover
runs; springer
go; aker
rain; regnar
hear; hor
selling; saljer
pay; betalar
wants; vill
find; hittar
working; arbetar
pencil; ritar
have; ha
buy; koper
using; anvander
shows; visar
playing; leker
laughing; skrattar
cry; grater
wash; tvattar
listens; lyssnar
stands; star
talking; pratar
fly; flyger
are; finns
takes; tar
support; stottar
seated; sitter
white; vit
pink; rosa
black; svart
white; vita
white; vitt
black; svarta
orange; orange
red; rod
blue; bla
yellow; gul
yellow; gula
color; farg
purple; lila
gray; gra
brown; brun
green; gron
golden; gyllene
colorful; fargglad
what; vad
how; hur
who; vem
whose; vems
why; varfor
where; vart
where; var
many; manga
when; nar
question; fraga
response; svar
makes; gor
no; ingen
nothing; inget
no; inga
understand; forstar
responds; svarar
asks; fragar
know; vet
which; vilken
which; vilka
which; vilket
yes; jo
from; fran
in; i
on; pa
at; vid
of; av
between; mellan
for; for
without; utan
with; med
by; genom
to; till
according to; enligt
after; efter
during; under
over; over
outside; utanfor
in front; framfor
beside; bredvid
against; mot
forward; framat
at; hos
before; fore
behind; bakom
at; at
if; om
or; eller
but; men
when; nar
preferably; helst
as; som
therefore; darfor
since; eftersom
to; att
without; utan
while; medan
before; innan
time; tid
afternoon; eftermiddag
day; dag
evening; kvall
morning; morgon
night; natt
if; om
hour; timme
monday; mandag
tuesday; tisdag
wednesday; onsdag
friday; fredag
calendar; kalender
saturday; lordag
sunday; sondag
year; ar
week; vecka
age; alder
weekend; helg
thursday; torsdag
month; manad
january; januari
february; februari
march; mars
april; april
date; datum
may; maj
june; juni
july; juli
september; september
august; augusti
october; oktober
november; november
december; december
living; vardag
season; arstid
spring; var
winter; vinter
summer; sommar
fall; host
minute; minut
midsummer; midsommar
moment; ogonblick
born; fodd
decade; artionde
second; sekund
while; stund
century; arhundrade
period; period
until; tills
before; forran
quarter; kvart
generation; generation
day; dygn
six months; halvar
party; fest
dad; pappa
mother; mamma
daughter; dotter
sister; syster
sisters; systrar
brother; bror
brothers; broder
son; son
family; familj
parent; foralder
wife; fru
siblings; syskon
aunt; faster
wedding; brollop
uncle; farbror
hot; heta
grandmother; mormor
grandfather; farfar
mother; mor
father; far
grandmother; farmor
grandfather; morfar
cousin; kusin
twin; tvilling
aunt; moster
uncle; morbror
grandchild; barnbarn
sons; soner
daughters; dottrar
red-; svar-
student; student
doctor; lakare
work; arbete
author; forfattare
model; modell
job; jobb
staff; personal
police; polis
interpreter; tolk
lawyer; advokat
career; karriar
artist; artist
secretary; sekreterare
worker; arbetare
professional; professionell
judge; domare
fire-fighter; brandman
pilot; pilot
guard; vakt
actor; skadespelare
actress; skadespelerska
manager; chef
soldier; soldat
profession; yrke
peasant; bonde
architect; arkitekt
engineer; ingenjor
priest; prast
big; stor
long; lang
tired; trott
small; liten
small; lilla
small; litet
little; lille
small; sma
own; egen
open; oppen
open; oppna
good; bra
cold; kall
warm; varm
clean; ren
dirty; smutsig
left; vanster
new; ny
old; gammal
old; gammalt
old; gamla
next; nasta
popular; popular
important; viktig
nice; fin
possible; mojlig
same; samma
different; olik
like; lik
whole; hel
necessary; nodvandig
last; sist
private; privat
personal; personlig
official; officiell
independent; sjalvstandig
weird; konstig
bad; dalig
beautiful; vacker
excellent; utmarkt
perfect; perfekt
modern; modern
full; full
empty; tom
ugly; ful
expensive; dyr
interesting; intressant
historical; historisk
religious; religios
wrong; fel
serious; allvarlig
handsome; snygg
true; riktig
sorry; ledsen
famous; beromd
impossible; omojlig
effective; effektiv
special; sarskild
vegetarian; vegetarisk
traditional; traditionell
rich; rik
afraid; radd
common; vanlig
unusual; ovanlig
comfortable; bekvam
giant-; jatte-
valuable; vardefull
bilingual; tvasprakig
opens; oppnar
gives; ger
thinking; tanker
call; ringer
saves; raddar
out; ut
study; studerar
holding; haller
liver; lever
looking; tittar
your; bjuder
have time to; hinner
trying; forsoker
presents; presenterar
requires; behover
is located; ligger
live; bor
may; far
correct; stammer
know; kanner
ends; slutar
kiss; kysser
desired; onskar
learn; lar
dryers; orkar
looking; letar
pass; passerar
think; tror
help; hjalper
enough; racker
dies; dor
follows; foljer
thank; tackar
seems; verkar
hugs; kramar
says; sager
freezes; fryser
rest; vilar
begins; borjar
stop; stannar
trust; litar
wonder; undrar
also; ocksa
for; for
far; langt
now; nu
where; dar
more; mer
very; valdigt
usual; vanligt
never; aldrig
here; har
quite; ganska
always; alltid
still; fortfarande
often; ofta
only; bara
perhaps; kanske
even; ens
both; bade
even; till och med
still; anda
away; bort
rarely; sallan
again; igen
sometimes; ibland
really; verkligen
actually; egentligen
than; an
already; redan
at least; atminstone
away; borta
here; hit
later; senare
soon; snart
final; slut
enough; tillrackligt
usually; vanligtvis
there; dit
currently; for narvarande
particularly; sarskilt
almost; nastan
late; sent
finally; antligen
generally; i allmanhet
actually; faktiskt
completely; helt
approximately; ungefar
just; precis
clearly; tydligt
anywhere; var som helst
possibly; mojligtvis
near; nara
definitely; definitivt
neither; varken
either; heller
slowly; langsamt
together; tillsammans
necessarily; nodvandigtvis
belike; troligtvis
absolutely; absolut
house; hus
hotel; hotell
bathroom; badrum
kitchen; kok
sweden; sverige
beach; strand
beaches; strander
airport; flygplats
way; vag
church; kyrka
place; plats
city; stad
country; land
finland; finland
home; hem
along; langs
street; gata
countries; lander
cities; stader
castle; slott
garden; tradgard
address; adress
section; avdelning
room; rum
market; marknad
park; park
office; kontor
area; omrade
bank; bank
island; o
lake; sjo
bar; bar
center; centrum
region; region
sauna; bastu
ground; mark
valley; dal
museum; museum
coastal; kust
inside; insida
forest; skog
building; byggnad
corner; horn
limit; grans
tower; torn
cinema; bio
avenue; alle
property; egendom
business; affar
prison; fangelse
palace; palats
capital; huvudstad
port; hamn
right; hoger
factory; fabrik
square; torg
west; vaster
amusement park; nojesfalt
farmhouse; bondgard
west coast; vastkust
north; norr
front; framsida
toilet; toalett
table; bord
bed; sang
window; fonster
chair; stol
bottle; flaska
furniture; mobel
tv; tv
computer; dator
radio; radio
mirror; spegel
clock; klocka
mobile; mobil
door; dorr
couch; soffa
basket; korg
lamp; lampa
soap; tval
desk; skrivbord
battery; batteri
flag; flagga
sheets; lakan
box; lada
screen; skarm
razor; rakhyvel
wallet; planbok
bag; vaska
wall; vagg
toothpaste; tandkram
floor; vaning
floor; golv
umbrella; paraply
thing; sak
toy; leksak
ceiling; tak
cabinet; skap
key; nyckel
wheel; hjul
phone; telefon
money; pengar
scissor; sax
paper; papper
frying pan; stekpanna
pool; pool
quilt; tacke
pillow; kudde
engine; motor
machine; maskin
subject; foremal
bit; bit
lace; snore
praise; hylla
chain; kedja
novel; roman
comb; kam
powder; pulver
cloth; duk
towel; handduk
toothbrush; tandborste
saucepan; kastrull
wardrobe; garderob
carpet; matta
curtain; gardin
fabric; tyg
bowl; skal
person; person
friend; van
boyfriend; pojkvan
girlfriend; flickvan
infant; spadbarn
enemy; fiende
public; allmanhet
guest; gast
person; manniska
youth; ungdom
population; befolkning
culture; kultur
committee; kommitte
guy; kille
conference; konferens
girl; tjej
village; by
couple; par
lady; dam
national; medborgare
people; folk
relationship; forhallande
victims; offer
individual; individ
viking; viking
king; kung
queen; drottning
prince; prins
princess; prinsessa
crown princess; kronprinsessa
adult; vuxen
traveling; reser
car; bil
bike; cykel
motorbike; motorcykel
suitcase; resvaska
bus; buss
train; tag
boat; bat
aircraft; flygplan
drive; kor
guide; guide
backpack; ryggsack
visit; besok
swedish; svensk
english; engelsk
finnish; finsk
map; karta
ship; skepp
north; norden
vehicle; fordon
vacation; semester
denmark; danmark
trip; resa
norway; norge
scandinavia; skandinavien
bridge; bro
plan; plan
adventure; aventyr
ticket; biljett
finland swedish; finlandssvensk
subway; tunnelbana
stockholm; stockholm
iceland; island
tourist; turist
german; tysk
germany; tyskland
america; amerika
europe; europa
kinase; kina
abroad; utomlands
south; soder
finnish; finlandsk
norwegian; norsk
dane; dansk
stop; hallplats
chinese; kinesisk
international; internationell
american; amerikansk
european; europeisk
around; runt
pivots; svanger
pass; pass
this; denna
this; detta
this; den har
these; dessa
man; man
someone; nagon
something; nagot
a few; nagra
nothing; ingenting
all; allt
that; den dar
everything; allting
anything; nagonting
each; varje
except; utom
both; bada
other; annan
other; andra
other; annat
such; sadan
anybody; vem som helst
each other; varandra
both; bade och
neither; ingendera
either or; antingen eller
no; ingen
last; forra
before last; forrforra
self; sjalv
one; en
two; tva
three; tre
four; fyra
five; fem
number; nummer
phone number; telefonnummer
more; fler
six; sex
seven; sju
eight; atta
nine; nio
ten; tio
walk; gang
less; mindre
to; till
first; forsta
million; miljon
other; andra
third; tredje
amount; mangd
quantity; antal
pieces; stycken
figure; siffra
eleven; elva
twelve; tolv
thirteen; tretton
fourteen; fjorton
fifteen; femton
sixteen; sexton
seventeen; sjutton
amount; summa
eighteen; arton
nineteen; nitton
twenty; tjugo
thirty; trettio
forty; fyrtio
fifty; femtio
sixty; sextio
half; halv
seventy; sjuttio
eighty; attio
ninety; nittio
hundred; hundra
thousand; tusen
cost; kosta
crown; krona
per; per
fourth; fjarde
meter; meter
twenty four; tjugofyra
host; vard
twenty-one; tjugoett
average; genomsnitt
twenty-five; tjugofem
half; halften
hundred; hundratal
majority; majoritet
plus; plus
double; dubbel
fifth; femte
sixth; sjatte
seventh; sjunde
eighth; attonde
ninth; nionde
twentieth century; nittonhundratalet
total; sammanlagt
thousands of; tusentals
respecting; respekterar
down; staller
contains; innehaller
face; moter
gets; blir
counts; raknar
trim; klipper
feel; ma
lacking; saknar
miss; missar
adds; lagger
similar; liknar
rent; hyr
filling; fyller
drops; tappar
considers; anser
manufactures; tillverkar
mix; blandar
wiper; torkar
booking; bokar
continues; fortsatter
builds; bygger
waiting; vantar
bag; hanger
importing; importerar
spends; tillbringar
says; berattar
leaves; lamnar
teaches; undervisar
belonging to; tillhor
suppose; antar
hate; hatar
acts; fungerar
sends; skickar
parts; delar
explaining; forklarar
fits; passar
serves; serverar
closing; stanger
visit; besoker
wins; vinner
notch; skar
asks; ber
losing; forlorar
concerns; angar
agree with; haller med
eats up; ater upp
show up; dyker upp
comes out; kommer fram
adds; lagger till
sign; skriver under
hope; hoppas
fail; misslyckas
succeed; lyckas
taken; fattas
thrive; trivs
remember; minns
be; ses
meet; traffas
feels; kanns
is hurrying; skyndar sig
feel; kanner sig
learn; lar sig
marries; gifter sig
preparing; forbereder sig
surprises; overraskar
brings; tar med sig
has with him; har med sig
takes off; tar av sig
care about; bryr sig om
takes on; tar pa sig
shares; delar med sig
teacher; larare
training; utbildning
school; skola
pen; penna
note; anteckning
lesson; lektion
pupil; elev
break; rast
course; kurs
library; bibliotek
sample; prov
application; ansokning
example; exempel
study; studie
difficult; svar
essay; uppsats
words; ord
chapter; kapitel
knowledge; kunskap
exercise; ovning
idea; ide
class; klass
university; universitet
despite; trots
professor; professor
lecture; forelasning
explanation; forklaring
presentation; presentation
college; hogskola
difficulty; svarighet
lesson; laxa
history; historia
goal; mal
page; sida
document; dokument
report; rapport
teaching; undervisning
mean; betyder
at; at
drank; drack
spoke; talade
where; var
went; gick
went; akte
talked; pratade
yesterday; i gar
liked; tyckte om
loved; alskade
rained; regnade
wanted; ville ha
saw; sag
swam; simmade
came; kom
lost; tappade
played; lekte
heard; horde
said,; sade
listened; lyssnade
had; hade
recently; nyligen
worked; arbetade
cooked dinner; lagade mat
did; gjorde
found; hittade
leaving; lamnade
told; berattade
added; lade
set; stallde
accepted; tackade
the day before yesterday; forrgar
called; ringde
took; tog
figured; tankte
wrote; skrev
thought; trodde
lost; forlorade
closed; stangde
gave; gav
died; dog
supported; stottade
turned; svangde
ran; sprang
got; fick
sold; salde
viewed; tittade
felt; kande
knew; visste
searched; letade
retained; beholl
back; tillbaka
entertained; holl
won; vann
showed; visade
bought; kopte
paying; betalade
happened; hande
presented; presenterade
containing; inneholl
opened; oppnade
seemed; verkade
explained; forklarade
responded; svarade
inquired; fragade
appeared; dok upp
was; fanns
stayed; stannade
lived; bodde
waited; vantade
sleeping; sov
rested; vilade
relied; litade
this morning; i morse
usually; brukar
write; skriva
swim; simma
be; vara
go; ga
become; bli
see; se
play; leka
sleep; sova
run; springa
like; tycka om
cook; laga mat
pay; betala
will; vilja
speak; tala
do; gora
use; anvanda
go; aka
draw; rita
determine; bestamma
close; stanga
rent; hyra
rain; regna
hear; hora
listen; lyssna
say; saga
eat; ata
tell; beratta
get; fa
find; hitta
train; trana
help; hjalpa
remember; minnas
stay; stanna
work; arbeta
buy; kopa
know; veta
take; ta
need; behova
wash; tvatta sig
sing; sjunga
show; visa
open; oppna
think; tanka
believe; tro
call; ringa
agree; halla med
catch; fanga
give; ge
study; studera
learn; lara sig
come; komma
look; titta
stay; bo
start; borja
sell; salja
try; forsoka
question; fraga
continue; fortsatta
read; lasa
ask; be
respond; svara
gothenburg; goteborg
malmo; malmo
north-; nord-
baltic sea; ostersjon
aland; aland
southern; syd-
copenhagen; kopenhamn
helsinki; helsingfors
east; oster
same; same
sami; samisk
france; frankrike
french; fransk
greece; grekland
spain; spanien
italy; italien
gypsy; rom
austria; osterrike
uk; storbritannien
russia; ryssland
netherlands; nederlanderna
brazil; brasilien
russian; rysk
poland; polen
was; stod
understood; forstod
handed; rackte
started; borjade
tried; forsokte
decided; bestamde
finished; slutade
adopted; antog
sat; satt
low; lag
helped; hjalpte
learned; larde
used; anvande
followed; foljde
read; laste
needed; behovde
similar; liknade
rented; hyrde
dried; torkade
could; kunde
hung; hangde
survived; levde
opted; valde
forgot; glomde
sounded; lat
remembered; mindes
felt; kandes
named; hette
became; blev
ended; hamnade
used; brukade
drove; korde
sang; sjong
flew; flog
commanded; bjod
fell; foll
hoped; hoppades
nineties; nittiotalet
seventies; sjuttiotalet
cake; kaka
bun; bulle
cinnamon; kanel
kanelbulle; kanelbulle
coffee; fika
good; god
bake; baka
herring; sill
potato; potatis
baker; bagare
taste; smaka
crayfish; krafta
bakery; bageri
crispbread; knackebrod
carrying; bar
raspberry; hallon
cream; gradde
sauce; sas
butter; smor
meat-ball; kottbulle
mustard; senap
surstromming; surstromming
cake; tarta
thirsty; torstig
hungry; hungrig
refrigerator; kylskap
cheese slicer; osthyvel
sausage; korv
garlic; vitlok
onion; lok
salmon; lax
wine; vin
red wine; rodvin
carrot; morot
juice; saft
happiness; lycka
happy; lycklig
funny; rolig
boring; trakig
laugh; skratt
sad; sorglig
happy; glad
feeling; kansla
sensitive; kanslig
pine; sorja
melancholy; vemod
anger; ilska
angry; arg
sorrow; sorg
sour; sur
smile; le
smiling; leende
peace; frid
love; karlek
dare; vaga
forgive; forlata
remember; ihag
horrible; hemsk
kind; snall
worry; oroa sig
peaceful; fridfull
nervous; nervos
cozy; mysa
like; gilla
crazy; galen
partner; sambo
fun; kul
tear; tar
in love; kar
cozy; mysig
satisfied; nojd
part; del
name; namn
list; lista
system; system
opinion; asikt
life; liv
service; service
group; grupp
way; satt
view; utsikt
variety; sort
order; order
type; typ
design; design
control; kontroll
member; medlem
change; forandring
level; niva
call; samtal
profile; profil
case; fall
picture; bild
description; beskrivning
value; varde
content; innehall
category; kategori
version; version
account; konto
problem; problem
choice; val
results; resultat
activity; aktivitet
suggestions; forslag
page; sida
equipment; utrustning
solution; losning
agreement; overenskommelse
lucky; tur
responsibility; ansvar
beginning; borjan
matter; arende
alternative; alternativ
effect; effekt
thought; tanke
wish; onskan
dream; drom
hope; hopp
decision; beslut
final; slut
voice; rost
role; roll
degree; grad
evidence; bevis
purpose; syfte
ability; mojlighet
union; union
success; framgang
subject; amne
grade; betyg
sleep; somn
darkness; morker
light; ljus
place; stalle
young; ung
colder; kallare
tired; trottare
than; an
warmer; varmare
important; viktigare
more expensive; dyrare
cheaper; billigare
cheap; billig
younger; yngre
major; storre
yet; annu
older; aldre
beautiful; vackrare
longer; langre
better; battre
newer; nyare
equal; lika
inferior; samre
interesting; intressantare
richer; rikare
common; vanligare
a little; lite
short; kort
fine; finare
difficult; svarare
slow; langsam
less; mindre
free; gratis
free; ledig
free; fri
easy; latt
more often; oftare
most; mest
strong; stark
usually; oftast
true; sann
fast; snabb
simple; enkel
nice; trevlig
sure; saker
sweet; sot
minimum; kortast
coolest; kallast
wonderful; underbar
warmest; varmast
farthest; langst
poor; fattig
depth; djup
equitable; rattvis
sharp; vass
most beautiful; vackrast
best; bast
important; viktigast
least; minst
youngest; yngst
oldest; aldst
weak; svag
alone; ensam
finished; fardig
most; storst
worst; samst
has; har
rained; regnat
had; haft
read; last
been; varit
gone; gatt
cooked food; lagat mat
liked; velat
lectin; lekt
heard; hort
eaten; atit
talked; pratat
long; lange
come; kommit
paid; betalat
seen; sett
said; sagt
left; lamnat
then; sedan
been; blivit
given; gett
written; skrivit
added; lagt
rung; ringt
done; gjort
before; forut
got; fatt
taken; tagit
inquiring; fragat
sent; skickat
lost; tappat
developed; utvecklat
presented; presenterat
closed; stangt
met; traffat
tried; forsokt
slept; sovit
worked; arbetat
thought; tankt
riding; akt
followed; foljt
swum; simmat
sung; sjungit
selected; valt
jumped; hoppat
forced; tvingat
told; berattat
stayed; bott
ordered; bestallt
opened; oppnat
won; vunnit
stayed; stannat
purchased; kopt
sold; salt
known; kant
drunk; druckit
missed; saknat
longer; slutat
adopted; antagit
washed; tvattat
stood; statt
hedgehog; igelkott
cow; ko
owl; uggla
rabbit; kanin
fox; rav
may; far
monkey; apa
lamb; lamm
mosquito; mygga
fly; fluga
pig; gris
insect; insekt
wing; vinge
tail; svans
bi; bi
lion; lejon
squirrel; ekorre
snake; orm
frog; groda
butterfly; fjaril
bite; bita
lizard; odla
hunt; jaga
tiger; tiger
can; kan
must; maste
may; far
should; borde
forced; tvungen
got; fick
should; ska
read; las
eat; at
think; tank
buy; kop
sales; salj
listen; lyssna
came; kom
rides; ak
sing; sjung
pay; betala
believe; tro
running; spring
makes; gor
take; ta
write; skriv
follow; folj
open; oppna
question; fraga
go; ga
continue; fortsatt
give; ge
hold; hall
sorry; forlat
wait; vanta
set; stall
add; lagg
respond; svara
meet; mot
beware; se upp
help; hjalp
ring; ring
stop; sluta
worry; oroa sig
play; lek
let '; lat
where; var
look; titta
should; ska
sound; lata
drink; dricka
invite; bjuda
reserve; boka
rest; vila
stop; sluta
look; leta
follow; folja
hang; hanga
teach; undervisa
hurry; skynda
married; gifta
will; kommer att
achieve; uppna
lose; tappa
morning; bitti
forget; glomma
happen; handa
will be fine; ordna sig
miss; sakna
affect; paverka
prevent; hindra
day after tomorrow; overmorgon
work; fungera
had; hade
rung; ringt
gone; gatt
heard; hort
eaten; atit
found; hittat
come; kommit
given; gett
written; skrivit
taken; tagit
lost; forlorat
cut; skurit
closed; stangt
dead; dott
tried; forsokt
known; kant
riding; akt
opened; oppnat
selected; valt
lived; levt
discovered; upptackt
found; funnits
known; vetat
forget; glomt
whose; vars
where; dar
as; som
what; vad
which; vilket
talk; prata
hit; traffa
live; leva
feel; kanna
select; valja
start; starta
cover; tacka
increase; oka
build; bygga
leave; lamna
laugh; skratta
fly; flyga
paint; mala
borrow; lana
apply; tillampa
damage; skada
win; vinna
cut; skara
be; finnas
save; spara
allow; tillata
stop; stoppa
improve; forbattra
cry; grata
understand; forsta
jump; hoppa
sit; sitta
prop; stotta
repeat; upprepa
repeat; repetera
wake; vacka
develop; utveckla
fit; passa
count; rakna
stand; sta
die; do
appreciate; uppskatta
force; tvinga
accept; acceptera
wear; bara
avoid; undvika
manufacture; tillverka
define; definiera
respect; respektera
put; stalla
contain; innehalla
meet; mota
beat; sla
be able to; kunna
discuss; diskutera
end; avsluta
lay; lagga
fill; fylla
mix; blanda
dry; torka
disappear; forsvinna
lose; forlora
import; importera
kiss; kyssa
warn; varna
change; byta
present; presentera
presume; forutsatta
move; flytta
suffer; lida
prepare; forbereda
hate; hata
retrieve; hamta
explain; forklara
analyze; analysera
bathe; bada
love; alska
flower; blomma
tree; trad
sea; hav
grass; gras
sky; himmel
moon; mane
solar; sol
ice; is
world; varld
star; stjarna
fire; eld
air; luft
archipelago; skargard
rain; regn
volcano; vulkan
environment; miljo
mountain; berg
mountain; fjall
weather; vader
nature; natur
river; flod
wood; tra
meadow; ang
wave; vag
planet; planet
stone; sten
fir; gran
coniferous; barr
leaf; lov
on; a
soil; jord
grow; vaxa
climate; klimat
universe; universum
smoke; rok
landscape; landskap
rose; ros
blow; blasa
wind; vind
cloud; moln
sand; sand
dust; damm
plant; vaxt
gas; gas
material; material
snow; snoa
snow; sno
metal; metall
flash; blixt
thunder; aska
space; rymd
northern lights; norrsken
waterfall; vattenfall
rainbow; regnbage
frost; frost
sit; sitta
stand; sta
lie; ligga
is on; haller pa
soft; mjuk
hard; hard
moderate; lagom
death; dod
annoying; jobbig
dangerous; farlig
light; ljus
interested; intresserad
smart; smart
dry; torr
dark; mork
broken; sonder
high; hog
stupid; dum
straight; rak
shy; blyg
married; gift
obvious; sjalvklar
only; enda
different; annorlunda
badly; illa
silent; tyst
awake; vaken
wet; blot
heavy; tung
the; desto
early; tidig
the; ju
worse; varre
thick; tjock
thin; smal
most; flest
most; flesta
occupied; upptagen
otherwise; annars
also; aven
instead; i stallet
at all; alls
gladly; garna
probably; nog
also; dessutom
however; daremot
suddenly; plotsligt
in other words; alltsa
preferably; helst
to date; hittills
very; allra
well; val
fast; fort
constantly; standigt
hardly; knappast
ever; nagonsin
through; igenom
at the same time; samtidigt
immediately; genast
over one; dryg
advantage; fordel
respect; respekt
situation; situation
efficiency; effektivitet
disadvantage; nackdel
theory; teori
attention; uppmarksamhet
interest; intresse
truth; sanning
future; framtid
project; projekt
permission; tillatelse
regard; hansyn
failure; misslyckande
signal; signal
reality; verklighet
origin; ursprung
damage; skada
secret; hemlighet
experience; upplevelse
lack; brist
attempt; forsok
behavior; beteende
exception; undantag
experience; erfarenhet
symbol; symbol
strength; styrka
output; utgang
circle; cirkel
location; lage
form; form
humor; humor
relationship; relation
fear; radsla
state; tillstand
pleasure; noje
credibility; trovardighet
consequence; konsekvens
theft; stold
surprise; overraskning
tradition; tradition
conversation; konversation
service; tjanst
trend; trend
phrase; fras
attitude; attityd
murder; mord
mistake; misstag
personality; personlighet
joy; gladje
honor; ara
shadow; skugga
memory; minne
entrance; ingang
danger; fara
law; lag
player; spelare
ball; boll
walk; promenad
sports; sport
step; steg
play; spela
goal; mal
beat; sla
point; poang
game; spel
football; fotboll
basketball; basket
coach; tranare
racket; racket
volley-ball; volleyboll
kick; sparka
plan; plan
tennis; tennis
match; match
gym; gym
tournament; turnering
sports; idrott
floorball; innebandy
golf; golf
throw; kasta
ski; skida
club; klubba
ice hockey; ishockey
race; lopp
done; klara
up; upp
front; fram
past; forbi
in; in
down; ned
jumped; hoppade
climb; klattra
up; uppfor
out; ut
down; nerfor
here; har
where; dar
from; ur
run; rinna
up; uppe
in front; framme
out; ute
in; inne
down; nere
home; hemma
together; ihop
hold; hall
within; inom
about; omkring
middle; mitten
put; satta
flute; flojt
violin; fiol
music; musik
camera; kamera
film; film
about; handla om
short; kort
fairy tale; saga
art; konst
sound; ljud
photography; fotografi
singing; sang
style; stil
piano; piano
guitar; gitarr
hero; hjalte
dance; dans
instrument; instrument
fashion; mode
literature; litteratur
theater; teater
artist; konstnar
drawing; teckning
contest; tavling
inauguration; invigning
painting; tavla
audience; publik
short story; novell
concert; konsert
poetry; poesi
drum; trumma
band; band
collection; samling
scene; scen
round; rund
create; skapa
dance; dansa
ill; sjuk
hand; hand
eye; oga
health; halsa
heart; hjarta
care; vard
body; kropp
head; huvud
face; ansikte
help; hjalp
medicine; medicin
emergency; nodfall
cancer; cancer
treatment; behandling
glasses; glasogon
hair; har
ambulance; ambulans
blood; blod
disease; sjukdom
patient; patient
hospital; sjukhus
operation; operation
skin; hud
foot; fot
pain; smarta
sight; syn
evil; ont
virus; virus
bleed; bloda
glance; blick
brain; hjarna
arm; arm
bone; ben
wound; sar
mouth; mun
accident; olycka
throat; hals
finger; finger
ear; ora
breast; brost
tooth; tand
tongue; tunga
ignore; blunda
cough; hosta
nose; nasa
lip; lapp
nurse; sjukskoterska
fitness; kondition
back; rygg
sneeze; nysa
toe; ta
cheek; kind
pregnant; gravid
breathe; andas
cold; forkyld
nail; nagel
stomach; mage
sweat; svettas
law; lag
war; krig
security; sakerhet
government; regering
prime minister; statsminister
power; makt
politician; politiker
society; samhalle
president; president
vote; rosta
choice; val
strategy; strategi
advice; rad
party; parti
meeting; sammantrade
democracy; demokrati
peace; fred
freedom; frihet
require; krava
army; arme
thief; tjuv
steal; stjala
policy; politik
violence; vald
crime; brott
commit; bega
leader; ledare
parliament; riksdag
take; fatta
president; ordforande
speech; tal
threat; hot
conflict; konflikt
fleet; flotta
candidate; kandidat
commissioner; ledamot
sami parliament; sameting
reason; anledning
crisis; kris
strike; strejk
mayor; borgmastare
court; domstol
progress; framsteg
gun; pistol
shoot; skjuta
own; aga
arms; vapen
plan; plan
rifle; gevar
kill; doda
to death; ihjal
agreed; overens
owner; agare
inhabitant; invanare
search; sokning
information; information
search; soka
text; text
comment; kommentar
network; natverk
press; press
language; sprak
postcard; vykort
message; meddelande
channel; kanal
program; program
news; nyheter
story; berattelse
stamp; frimarke
access; tillgang
journalist; journalist
communication; kommunikation
download; ladda ner
the net; natet
internet; internet
signature; underskrift
interview; intervju
password; losenord
reader; lasare
sentence; mening
letter; bokstav
valid; galla
user name; anvandarnamn
surprised; overraskad
unsuccessful; misslyckad
invited; inbjuden
eaten; uppaten
irritable; irriterad
opened; oppnad
closed; stangd
stolen; stulen
surprisingly; overraskande
annoying; irriterande
pedestrian; gaende
swimming; simmande
sleeping; sovande
dying; doende
hanging; hangande
sitting; sittande
overhead; liggande
flying; flygande
running; springande
spawning; lekande
future; blivande
coming; kommande
suitable; passande
functioning; fungerande
speaking; talande
live; levande
rewarding; givande
comes; kommer
have; ha
found; hittat
rung; ringt
got; fatt
learned; lart
certainly; bestamt
sent; skickat
taken; tagit
research; forskning
detail; detalj
technology; teknologi
size; storlek
article; artikel
analysis; analys
line; linje
el; el
method; metod
weight; vikt
science; vetenskap
energy; energi
length; langd
width; bredd
depth; djup
power outlet; eluttag
volume; volym
raise; hoja
lower; sanka
speed; hastighet
distance; avstand
centimeter; centimeter
scale; skala
surface; yta
superficial; ytlig
definition; definition
temperature; temperatur
wave; vag
weigh; vaga
kilo; kilo
technique; teknik
pulp; massa
task; uppgift
laboratory; laboratorium
height; hojd
physics; fysik
philosophy; filosofi
dot; prick
nobel prize; nobelpris
chemistry; kemi
formula; formel
measure; mata
measure; matt
concept; begrepp
discovered; upptackt
geography; geografi
researcher; forskare
conclusion; slutsats
alcohol; alkohol
discover; upptacka
research; forska
drag; dra
academy; akademi
would; skulle
become; bli
give; ge
eat; ata
buy; kopa
respond; svara
will; vilja
gone; gatt
been; varit
changed; andrat
had; haft
have; ha
written; skrivit
been; blivit
read; last
given; gett
rung; ringt
do; gora
would; vore
be able to; kunna
god; gud
religion; religion
spiritual; andlig
troll; troll
brownie; tomte
ghost; spoke
believe; tro
goddess; gudinna
spirit; ande
prayer; bon
grace; nad
holy; helig
soul; sjal
mosque; moske
angel; angel
invisible; osynlig
pope; pave
fate; ode
grave; grav
death; dod
ask; be
witch; haxa
wizard; trollkarl
criticized; kritiseras
loved; alskas
selected; valjs
increased; hojas
increased; hojs
built; byggs
of; av
moved; flyttas
criticized; kritiserades
built; byggdes
stop; stoppas
be; ses
perceived; upplevs
bar; bars
printed; tryckas
run over; overkord
robbed; ranad
stopped; stoppad
treated; behandlad
interrogated; forhord
baked; bakad
beloved; alskad
damaged; skadad
drawn; ritad
made; tillverkad
printed; tryckt
would; skulle
go; aka
start; borja
come; komma
hit; traffa
business; foretag
tax; skatt
interest; ranta
debt; skuld
percent; procent
board; styrelse
insurance; forsakring
economy; ekonomi
investment; investering
fortune; formogenhet
risk; risk
industry; industri
offer; erbjudande
gold; guld
competition; konkurrens
budget; budget
credit card; kreditkort
product; produkt
trademark; varumarke
sale; rea
trade; handel
advertising; reklam
cost; kostnad
organisation; organisation
promote; befordra
penny; ore
agreement; avtal
currency; valuta
meeting; mote
award; pris
global; global
increase; oka
reduce; minska
contract; kontrakt
customer; kund
check; check
cash; kontant
profit; vinst
loss; forlust
bankruptcy; konkurs
salary; lon
share; aktie
candy; godis
soft; lask
birthday; fodelsedag
gift; present
party; kalas
birthday; fylla ar
celebrate; fira
fireworks; fyrverkeri
invitation; inbjudan
easter; pask
crayfish party; kraftskiva
snaps; snaps
bowl; skal
smorgasbord; smorgasbord
champagne; champagne
new year; nyar
holiday; helgdag
national day; nationaldag
congratulations; grattis